docs(fix): updated tutorials MTA-1684 (#400)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/backup-dedicated-server-s3-duplicity/index.mdx

  </Message>

> 2. Let's test the script. Run the script `./scw-backups.sh` to make sure the configuration is correctly set. Check Scaleway's bucket on the web interface and the logs with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run the script `./scw-backups.sh` to make sure the configuration is correctly set. Check Scaleway's bucket on the web interface and the logs with the following command:
```

      fi
  ```

> 2. Recover the data you uploaded in the previous section with the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Recover the data you uploaded in the previous section with the following command:
```
